If you're here, it's because you have failed to load an extension
This can be caused by many things. 
Skipm to line 18 if your problem occured whilst loading a cask extension.
Skip to line 15 if your problem occured whilst loading rice or taro tubers. 
Skip to line 11 if your problem occured whilst trying to make a reminder for tea.
Otherise, here's a general overview off possible problems

Basically, the way loading an extension works is buy "fetching" a file (if you could call it that) from the "Extensions" folder, found here - https://github.com/snowboyz0825/snowscodestuff/tree/main/Stardew%20Calander/Extensions
It replaces any spaces with dashes, and automatically lowercases it. It then fetches the "file" from the url. 

Double check if what you're trying to load actually exists. There should be one file for each plant, with the exception of tea.
Tea has an exception because it's a very niche plant as is and it grows in an unusual way.
It produces on the 22nd and until the end of the month. Then it waits till the next months. 
I could code a backdoor workaround, but no. Sorry. 

Taro tubers and rice aren't exceptions. They're just formatted differently. Because of the special way they grow, they need to have "watered" and "unwatered" before their respective names. 
In case you didn't know, rice and taro tubers grow faster when they're within 3 tiles of water. Otherwise, you can plant them anywhere, but they grow slower. 
Casks have a couple of possible problems with casks. The first thing you should do if it's not working is make sure you typed CASKS (in lowercase), not CASK. The next and equally common issue is that you may have typed the name of what you're cask-ing is. For example, you might have typed Ancient Fruit Wine Casks instead of just Wine Casks. 
There are six catagories fo cask-able products. 
Wine
Pale Ale
Beer
Mead
Cheese
Goat Cheese
Restrict your wording to Wine Casks instead of Ancient Fruit Wine Casks, because, in reality, that's the only thing you'll ever cask. 
